No wonder I'm afraid of the sound of electricity.
Even blame me, I always feel that my head lacks good things
I see.
Yes, fortunately, what about this scam group?
It was prepared by officials a year ago
that
How can the big blackboard find them?
Do you mean that the wife's children will be returned?
They lived in Yuncheng before
When I sent someone to investigate
Found out they had moved me to reverse the car
Solving things is not something you have to work on all the time.
Have news of them
Tell me right away
Okay
Blow the old man's phone
Jiaqi
I heard you were hospitalized.
Don't be tight now
It's okay dad
I heard that you were not in good health before
How is your recovery recently?
My body is much better.
otherwise
You go back to the capital first
I'll send someone to pick you up right away
Are you all right?
Now Huaxin Chamber of Commerce is my label
I'm ready
Start from the sky
Then open up foreign channels
I don't go global.
Really make some achievements with me
Return to the family
You are not good
As expected of my son
My body is almost recovered
I will go to Amami after a while
The father and son haven't seen each other in so many years
It's time to get together
Master, you are
Except you see
What a beautiful landscape
How vast my god
We are small.
But with our own hands
Create our own feelings
How do you say
Give me a fulcrum
I can move the entire earth